Locally pseudometrizable & locally countable & locally connected => Partition topology (#1185)
pi-base/data: theorems/T000689.md

---
uid: T000689
if:
  and:
  - P000093: true
  - P000144: true
  - P000041: true
then:
  P000185: true
---

> By the known theorem {P57} ∧ {P121} ∧ {P36} ⇒ {P129}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By the known result {P57} ∧ {P121} ∧ {P36} ⇒ {P129}
```
it's not a pi-base theorem, but it's a result known to pi-base

[(Explore)](https://topology.pi-base.org/spaces?q=Countable+%2B+Pseudometrizable+%2B+Connected+%2B+%7EIndiscrete),
each subset of a space that is countable, pseudometrizable, and connected is indiscrete.
Thus, a space with such an open neighborhood of every point has a cover by

> indiscrete open sets, i.e. the space has a {P185}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
indiscrete open sets. Distinct open and indiscrete sets are necessarily disjoint, hence the space has a {P185}.
```

Reviewer: Yes, that seems a correct justification.
